today we're going to be breaking down
the first episode of a show that I spent
over a year on most contestants history
every dollar in my bank account Beast
games I want to show you guys things
I've never talked about publicly you
like feel the tension just looking at it
I don't feel like I'm filming a 10min
like a trans this might be the coolest
shot I've ever gotten that is crazy drop
door is open all H this is real we
dropped over 500 people how did you make
sure that these drops are safe I want to
build suspense I have Liberty the anger
and emotion here the button press the
button press the button I didn't think
you would get that heated I also had to
throw a little disc at normal shows
million doll grand prize Beast game
million dollars in the first minute and
42 seconds this is establishing
dominance this is something I never do
in my YouTube videos we don't have this
kind of time or budget or 1,00 cameras
this is what it looks like without the
CG oh so this is the CG in effect my
Spidey senses are saying this will be
immun oh it's freaking hilarious man
like this isn't scripted I cannot
believe my eyes over 40 World Records
this your idea I didn't want this here I
actually fought pretty hard against it
but Amazon
they real quick before we get into it I
know there's a lot of news and questions
about Beast games and believe me I have
a lot of questions too which is why this
is part of a 4 video series after I
spent 11 days on set of Beast games
talking to everyone from Jimmy to the
contestants to the crew and more so
subscribe and ring the bell so you don't
miss it and join our newsletter where
I'll be sharing even more along with
weekly breakdowns of the news the best
thumbnails and videos so you always stay
a step ahead all right now back to the
video all right hidden play I am
standing on $5 million of real money the
largest grand prize in entertainment
history and competing for this $5
million are these one well so before it
cuts to the next shot is that orbit shot
so awesome if you've ever seen an NFL
game they have this camera on these four
cables that allows it to be very fluid
move up and down very Dynamic so almost
like a gimbal on a drone so we literally
in the warehouse for filming rigged
cables to create this sky cam just like
they do in the NFL so we could get these
really Cris beautiful shots very happy
with how it turned out and then
obviously like I wanted to communicate
the spectacle and the fact that this is
the largest grand prize of any show in
history so like what better way than to
just stand on it yeah and Is that real
money are those fake dollars like so
yeah this is uh real money actually the
problem is um after we stacked the 5
million up it didn't look as good as I
wanted so we this crumbled money here on
the sides is fake it's unfortunate
basically it's kind of like $5.3
million5 million of real 300K of fake
it's really annoying I wish that other
300K would have just been real so then I
don't have to say this disclosure but
here we are contestants oh my God wait
wait I want to see that again look at
that shot when all the lights work let's
literally go frame by frame so you see
me here I scream look at the the lights
on the rose turn on and the sky cam
punch in on them so cool
a thousand players is currently
stampeding this Arena but only one of
these thousand people you are seeing
will have what it takes to beat everyone
around them and take home this
generational wealth of $5 million
welcome to it's crazy like I think a lot
of people who watch this show aren't
going to believe that we actually had
this many people all in one spot but we
did the energy of having 1,000 people
like this all excited screaming it was I
felt like when I was standing on that
money and they were all cheering and
pointing at me I felt like a superhero I
was like well this is this is cool this
is definitely one of the highlights of
my life filming this
episode look at that so cool I love the
effect in the middle this is one of the
shots that are finalized and by the way
for people who are wondering what are
these watermarks it's because we're
looking at this footage so early yeah
the show doesn't come out for another
month so these are watermarked here
because if for whatever reason his
editors leak this Amazon needs to know
who to sue so you guys are getting a
exclusive exclusive here oh so this is
the CG in effect yeah so you can see how
the towers are super tall it makes it
like it just makes it look cooler and it
also gives more distinction between the
rows whereas when you just look at it
normally it was just like a little black
thing there and it just didn't look good
yeah in reality these were about 3T off
the floor yeah and well the actual
Towers were like 9 ft tall towers are 9
ft tall but then this part here that
stuck out cuz the foam pit was below
yeah we could actually show that cuz we
went down under as well so we could show
the wooden part below and then the three
that beol homeless and now I want to
help other homeless kids and that $5
million would bean everything to help me
get there if I win $5 million I could
use that to make passive income for the
rest of my life it would provide me the
opportunity to I thought it was
important to let you hear from the
contestants saying what their motivation
was you know not have these like wide
shots where you see a see but now let's
punch in show a bunch of different
people different opinions so you you get
a sense that these are real humans so
that I thought those was prettyy
critical how many people gave their
story did every single of these 10,000
contestants talk to camera and say their
Story I mean it might help that I
grabbed the mic and said hey it'd be
cool to know your story so yeah we have
hundreds of these we got Amazon Prime
episode one let's go get a w we got some
puzzles we got some memorization we got
some fun strategy games we got Tetris
who knows what it's going to be I'm
ready let's go let's go let's go 831
831 my dad difference that money can
make and how it can support a community
completely getting my whole family out
of the poverty pipeline there's a lot of
clowns that want to donate the money I'm
buying jet skis and gold chains I will
die for this I will die for every time I
show someone that part they always laugh
when they you've seen this before but
they they love that part and I think
it's good to break up the seriousness 5
million this is going to be crazy
everyone's so excited good luck man this
show is bigger than anything you could
ever imagine we've got the most players
millions of dollars of cash prizes on
top of the $5 million we're giving away
a Lamborghini and a multi-million dollar
Island we even built an entire city I
thought it was important to show this
coming up Montage early cuz my big fear
was people would think the whole show
was just those thousand platforms and
this is like a platform show and it's
like no there's a city there's an island
this Show's cool it's not just platforms
uh so that to me is
important I'm Mr Beast oh this part I've
never seen you do a shot like that man
this is the most series I've ever seen
you is this your idea no no no so I
didn't want this in here I I actually
fought pretty hard against it but Amazon
they obviously have a lot more
experience with stuff like this in their
team and so then they they showed a lot
of people who had never seen my videos
before episode one and like a preview
and then got their notes and something
that kept coming back is like who are
these people like they were like who is
this guy who's they didn't even know the
boys's names CU we don't say their names
so um put these calling cards here about
to see will blow your mind so now we
show the boys introduce that they're my
friends show their names and then we reh
showed it to people Amazon gathered data
and people were way less confused so
this is like the you know on YouTube a
lot of people know who I am and I don't
know I just like oh the boys are in it
but I that's something I learned here is
like if someone's never heard of our
content before it's kind of confusing
just to have like six hosts you know
before the games begin I have an offer
for all of you most shows have a grand
prize of $1 million damn straight but on
our show we're going to give away aill
million dollar before we even play the
first
game yep look notice a minute and 42
seconds in and I'm already given away a
million dollars I here's the thing a lot
of people watch the show do not watch my
YouTube videos I wanted to instantly hit
them with hey this is crazy I also had
to throw a little diss at other shows
like normal shows million dollar grand
prize two million dollars the first
minute 42 seconds bring out $1 million
this is this is establishing dominance
right here
[Applause]
it's it's going to take a second a
million dollars is a lot of money I'm
glad we did that I didn't know if it
would be good content dumping it out but
I'm actually glad we did cuz it's like
very dramatic and I think it's going to
take a second a million dollars is a lot
of when Tyler told me he wanted us to do
this I was like is that a little weird
but I I actually think it turned out
really good yeah we spent a lot of time
with Tyler Tyler for people don't know
is what's his role Tyler's uh director
he co-created the show with me and a lot
of these shots he came up with yeah yeah
it was cool to see him just like like
talk into your ear and and kind of guide
you while we're on set welcome to be
City and you say something like that
however you want to say it we literally
built this thing and the whole time like
like big mouths miked up saying how how
how like the whole time is there walking
all right all 500 of you welcome to the
city I built for you go
explore go have fun fun everybody go
have fun check it out he's a guy I spent
5 years of my life pouring my entire
brain into and now he just thinks like
me it's awesome 10 minutes to make a
decision stay in the game or press the
button on your tablet and eliminate
yourself those of you that eliminate
yourselves will evenly split this $1
million I'm standing behind so if only
one of you eliminate yourself you'll
become a millionaire but if 50 of you
eliminate yourselves you'll each get
$20,000 so be honest do you really think
that you are that one in 1,000 player
the rightful Champion winner of that $5
million I'm going to be honest if this
part here I think I talk a little too
much I've seen episode one now 50 times
now I'm starting to get to the point
where I wish I cut this speech a little
shorter oh well I was trying to build up
tension I don't know if it quite hit as
well as I thought it comes across as me
just rambling can you cut it now or is
it no episode one's already locked so
this isn't like YouTube where I can just
edit things like this is sent off to
coloring and we have dubs cuz we're
doing this in 40 languages plus there's
like a whole um system that it needs to
be ingested in so yeah I can't change
anything anymore what my family think if
I say no to so much money take the deal
take the deal yeah I mean it's a lot of
money I will not leave this Podium I
will not go home until that $5 million
is
mine oh we got one oh my God we got our
first taker
as of right now you're a millionaire
millionaire oh someone else hit it all
right now you're only a 500,000 air I'm
do I'm it's crazy though bro cuz imagine
you're walking in a casino you would
never get that in a million years I
halfway through the time right now if
you press the button that's 250 Grand no
you're not going to leave for 200 Grand
,000 leave it cuz it's not worth it now
I mean I I'm not taking the bride no
chance I'm here for the Long Haul to the
end do you think I'm going to take the
deal no no way I thought this was a very
important first challenge to start off
with because there's a thousand people
here and I knew some people once they
saw this set and saw everything they
probably want to leave and so I thought
this would be an easy way to like let
them leave with dignity because it's
like hey you can win some money if you
don't really want to do this like just
leave you know so I thought this was
important just to weed out the people
who weren't sure they wanted to do this
wh why why do you think people wanted to
leave when they saw the set I mean this
would no it's amazing and big but maybe
they're like oh this is a lot of people
this is intense or or whatever it is
it's just like hey if you want an easy
way out take the easy way out also the
game after this is literally one of the
most Cutthroat and borderline evil
things I've ever done and so I I also
wanted to like I don't know just before
that give them a way out if they had one
so at least they had an opportunity to
win money before they get
eliminated prent why not it's getting
[Applause]
shot do man
are you
sure there's 2 minutes left there's 2
minutes
left I ain't taking nothing man these
shots are so good think about it man
like this is in real time and all these
shots we have of their faces are so
they're in Focus they're high quality
it's such a like if I were to rewind a
little bit like look at all these
punching shots man they're so good like
that like kep the field behind yeah this
is like you really feel cuz it it could
be way more zoomed out but the fact like
this friend right here you feel his
Emotion by just looking at his face like
he doesn't say anything but you know
what he's thinking right now and it's
cool that we have so many of these and
that was another thing too that I don't
know if I do on YouTube a lot but we
definitely do a lot here is like just
people don't even say anything we just
show their face and you just like you
know what they're thinking like they're
speaking without even speaking and
that's cool because it's uh with a
thousand people you want to convey
things but it's hard to always convey it
with words without it feeling repetitive
so I like it see it in there eyes yeah
and everything like his hands how he's
standing and moving bro 90 grand a lot
that's cute $5 million under one minute
remains don't you dare get out of here
good you're laughing that's a big point
for me I want people to laugh sometimes
these shows are a little too serious I
want to mix in the laughter I think
that's what's important is that this is
the craziest biggest thing ever but then
occasionally you just get the dumbest
joke ever and I I think that makes it
feel a little more yeah I feel like the
boys brought a lot of comic relief on
the set oh the boys are great
yeah I should not have done that I
should not have done that 10 seconds you
should press it now y'all are
[Applause]
crazy and as they're all hitting the
button here we had the the numbers up
here disappear in the top left corner so
you don't know so it's like the
suspense
no are you
serious no way in the end the total
amount of button presses was 52 people
which means
congratulations you each just won a
little under
$20,000 all 52 of you are now eliminated
I had add that vo and post all 52 of you
are now eliminated cuz people who did
the screenings were like so do they go
back to the platforms and I was like
guys come on but so I had to add that
video afterwards how do you get feedback
what do those screeners look like uh so
Amazon does their own I'm not there with
those we just get like reports back and
they just show us like hey this is the
feedback and then for me I just put a
bunch of people in that comment room up
there that we're usually in put 10
people I just stare at their face I've
also watched probably 20 YouTubers watch
it I send you everything I just like to
look at people's face while they watch
it and like I'll notice before and
earlier cuts on once we're CU we're
trying to build characters and slow
scenes down but sometimes we slowed down
so much that I can tell when people like
you know instinctively go reach for
their phone I'm like okay that's a
little they lost interest but then
you'll also see like during certain
scenes you'll literally see people lean
forward and my favorite part is when I'm
watching someone watch the show and they
like gasp or they like physically make a
noise like like it they're that like
attached to it that it the the emotion
they felt watching it literally made
them make a noise that's the best I have
a feeling a lot of these contestants
still in are going to regret not taking
that money because this next game might
be the most Cutthroat thing I've ever
done should have took the money would
this money change my life absolutely do
I want to see a pirate ship do I want to
live in a city so much more I'm ready to
go to the city I'm ready to go to I'm
ready to go to the city I do not belong
here I don't know how I made it here I
have no strategy I'm done to the 948 of
you that rejected my offer there is no
turning back the Beast games oh wow so
now you can see the towers yeah that is
this your first time seeing this shot
well actually I visited the VFX Studio
as they were showing the different
things they were trying to do to the
towers yeah so this is my first time
seeing the final and this it looks
really cool awesome this next this thing
here that's about to come up so hyped
this I it get chills every time I see it
now
beun 948 players
remain one we win and it turns red oh I
love it and for the first game you will
all be competing as teams this row is a
team this row is a team this row is a
team you get the point each massive row
of 80 players I love these Graphics too
the team crushed it cuz I say it we
highlight it but these games are
relatively complicated and it's like uh
if people don't know what it is I just
obviously completely destroys the
viewing experience and on my main
Channel we'll do simple things last
leave Circle wins money very simple but
this you know dynamic rows going up and
down as teams we're about to introduce
it but you got to eliminate yourself
last three rows get out so like me
saying things and then reinforcing with
Graphics just to ensure people watch it
cuz before we had these kind of visuals
here there's definitely a lot of people
in SC who were like I'm not sure what's
going on and I'd be like cuz then
they'd instantly zone out we'll be
working
together yeah but I wouldn't cheer quite
yet and that's because in order for your
team to move on
someone must sacrifice themselves
meaning that they will have to at their
own will walk away from $5 million just
so some of you continue competing in it
could just be me with the microphone
talking but the fact that we cut to that
to reinforce it so good and it's just so
high quality I'm going to be honest I
have no freaking clue how they make
those things I just am like hey this is
and they just whip it up out of thin air
and I'm like oh that's awesome games
really thinking right now I probably
should have taken that 20K so if you
didn't take the money to go home why
would you what are these cameras so
everybody has a vlog camera or like they
have a GoPro on top so we have a, GoPros
one on every single one of these towers
that they can talk to at any point plus
we had over a 100 other cameras set up
around there so that's why like this guy
right here right thought Pops in his
head I should have taken the money he
has a GoPro there he can just look at
and talk to we always know what they're
feeling they can always communicate they
have a camera dedicated to them they
have a if you look right here in the
bottom left you'll see a cable to uh at
the bottom of the tower holding this
tablet there's a cable that runs up
their pants and they have a microphone
on that's hard lined in we're using
lapels here so I have a lapel on that's
going to my pocket these things have
short battery lives things go wrong it's
hard to monitor etc etc even just to
manually turn on 1,000 PS would take an
hour plus um so hard wiring them in
unlimited battery life way easier to
monitor um and blah blah blah so that
was a big thing for us you could see the
audio cable here as well and then they
all had their little bottle of water
because we had so many cameras set up we
were able to grab these authentic shots
and put them in but it's not even just
setting up 1,000 GoPros we had to lay 26
miles of cable to connect all the GoPros
to our control room and we had to spend
millions of dollars on storage uh for
the servers just to hold all this
footage because there's 11 00 cameras in
this room rolling continuously plus all
the audio um so like just even the
infrastructure to allow us to record
this authentic content is absurd and
like could be an entire video on its own
at 20K so if you didn't take the money
to go home why would you gosh I love
that shot I want to see it again right
like love these see it's like on
him yourself for the team I feel like
I have to a she has a very big role
coming up in a couple minutes and she
had this vulnerable moment so we made
sure to show it so you could start to
get to know her even though we're early
on I mean we're only 6 minutes in
there's still 900 plus people it's
really hard to get to know anyone not
not much has really happened so this is
the first character we're really
establishing she's going to have a big
moment coming up here's her talking so
you get to know her so you understand
why she
did have to sacrifice
myself I just want people to know I
really do care about them
and I wish more games were like that so
love it now now you know what she's
thinking oh here's another shot without
the CG so see right here this is uh just
what it looks like without the CG now
you're getting some actual real BTS now
it's still pretty sick but yeah this
yeah this is the actual black floor yeah
exactly not the whatever blue light we
Ed on I don't even know how we landed on
that but it looks
sick I'm not going I know you're not
going I know he's not going the bullets
I'm not touching it please someone for
the greater good of the whole team has
to leave what's it what's it look like
down that way it won't be me
nobody holy oh yeah and guys one more
thing this game has already started so
good and it will not end until the last
three rows to eliminate someone will all
be eliminated together only nine of the
12 rows will be moving on cck it click
it click it right away she oh who that
was quick go congrats wa come on these
floors like this isn't addit and post
like we had actual lights there that we
can control which that took an insane
amount of electrical engineering and and
rigging and then the programming on the
back end where we could actually do that
like when you think about it I mean
there's uh this row right here has 80
iPads and the first one that press it
there turns red everything else turns
green which seems very simple but that
that just takes a lot of we literally
had like a team of five or six people
you know just sitting off over to the
right over here where I'm pointing like
on the other side of that wall just like
Manning this and living and breathing it
and like the best Professionals in the
world um even little things like that
has its own like dedicated control room
just for the lights and the towers cuz
there's a thousand of them and it's like
one little mess up screws up the entire
game like you you can't have error here
yeah come
on please please please what's holding
you back somebody else might do it
somebody you're over the age of 70 push
the
button what do we do what do we do come
on
baby don't for
me
emotion I love that look at that that's
just genuine
emotion like that guy didn't even say
anything he h it I'm like wondering why
why do they keep self-sacrificing I wish
there was more of a like I I said the
same thing to the team and a lot of them
they were just like pretty quiet or they
just did it or it there wasn't really
they didn't explain the reason why yeah
so I think some of them were just
panicking to be
[Applause]
[Music]
honest let's go come on guys we're all
going to go PR it PR
it 102 all one more
PR I love this part coming
[Applause]
up the anger and emotion here did you
know that something like this would
happen no I didn't think it would get
that heated to be honest he especially
this one we keep cutting to this guy was
getting into it press the button someone
has to go someone has to go please I'm
not touching it please press the button
press the
button the button press the button press
the button press the button press the
button press the button press the button
press the
but I think it it represents just how a
lot of people felt like their the
intensity was really get to them I mean
this end
though and we never do stuff like what
you're see about to see here where we
cut the black and white on the main
Channel but I thought it was actually
cool and like we're definitely
experimenting with the
show please oh one more one more left
press the Buton press the Buton
[Applause]
you really see the emotion right like I
this this like literally nothing's being
said like
listen it is just showing the raw
emotion of everyone here giving you like
almost a room tone of like here's how
everyone in these rows are feeling
here's the general Panic going on just
absorb it and then that way this payoff
hits harder
I did
it and the music here I think is
perfect you're
[Music]
welcome so shout out to whatever camera
guy grabbed this shot let me let me just
rewind that for you
John's watch this
bro I don't
know I don't know which camera guy this
is well look this guy he's like he's a
fortune teller or she whoever it is is a
fortune teller they they got this thing
punched in on him he falls to their his
knees they follow it I mean they just
captured that shot give them an Emy
whoever filmed that that's
cool I love the rawness too of this shot
right here um where this camera guy's
like running up so you see how real time
it is so cool yes yeah yeah baby we made
it we made it
our whole row was just eliminated my
wife is still in there only takes one
person to win that $5 million not two
good luck babe all the kids and I will
be rooting for you at home sorry I'm
trying not to
[Music]
cry I love you I love you in a very
platonic way it's amazing that people
are feeling this much emotion already I
know like saying I love you to a
stranger well you do have to think like
before we filmed episode one we filmed
episode zero in Vegas so they spent a
couple days together in Vegas and then
obviously a lot of them talked and
messaged so at this point they had
probably talked quite a bit um and
truthfully you know these these games
took a lot of time to film so they
probably spent four or five hours on
those platforms talking to each other I
love you you took one for your team I
did all of these people deserve a chance
to win whoa how are you
feeling um I'm sad everyone in your Row
give her a round of applause for
sacrificing herself here it is the
biggest moment of the show coming
up or at least of this
episode drop bro every time I've watched
someone watch that that part that's when
they literally Lean Forward they're like
whoa what just happened cuz no one ever
expects
it look at look at Mac and it's funny
cuz I know how they are and they
obviously knew she was going to drop so
they're just waiting there so they could
give this surprise as she falls I mean
it it it looks great it's just I see
through it I I know their tricks and
it's just funny oh my
God that's crazy oh my
God now a lot of you are probably
wondering is it even possible to drop 80
people at the same time and the answer
is yes drop the r this might be the
coolest shot I've ever gotten in my
entire
life this is a drone shot nothing stits
together raw drone shot that's the side
angle so beautiful humans literally
falling like dominoes real trap doors is
crazy oh my
God this row also couldn't find someone
to sacrifice dude when I first saw that
shot I Cann not believe my eyes I know I
texted it to you right yeah I texted to
him like the raw drone shot right after
we filmed it and he's like what is this
and I was like these are humans falling
like dominoes and he's like what uh H
how did you come up with the idea for
that I mean 80 people got out how else
are we going to do it actually I mean
they're like there's three separate ways
we can drop them randomly dominoes are
all at once and I was like well let's
just do all three and then obviously
they're like all right we'll get this
drone shot we'll make sure the sky cam
Falls it from the side and you know and
they they were able to like pre-plan
that's the beauty of doing something big
like this with months to prep is like
people can actually think through these
things whereas like on my YouTube videos
we don't have this kind of time or level
or budget or 1,00 cameras you know
listen if there's one thing I've learned
from all my interviews with creators is
that you don't need big money or a big
team to find video ideas that break
through in fact many of the moments in
this video along with the thumbnails
we're brainstorm using a new tool called
spotter studio and I want to give it to
for free so whether you're a new Creator
who's trying to figure out YouTube or
you're growing and you want to grow even
faster spotter Studio has so many useful
tools like it lets you brainstorm ideas
by literally typing in a few words and
then letting spotter Studio give you new
variations on it different expressions
and tweaks and you can organize it all
into these project folders that help
even the messiest of creators stay
organized and when you sign up using my
link below you'll get it all for free
for 2 months that's a 2-month free trial
to spotter Studio which is actually 1
month more than you normally get if you
didn't use my link I honestly think it's
one of the best deals I've ever had in a
sponsored video and you have nothing to
lose and so much to gain by trying this
tool so hopefully you could smash it too
all right now back to the
vide themselves this is
insane wait I just want to I want to
play that
back wait let's go a little further back
watch we'll go frame by
frame trap do is open look at that
they're all falling this is real this is
literally
real my gosh that is crazy wait I think
you see I think he tries to grab on this
guy right here is literally trying to
grab on the safety expert said don't try
to grab anything how did you make sure
that these drops were safe I had a
chance to talk to a lot of the folks on
St yeah yeah so we literally tested
every single one of these platforms
multiple times we did over 2,000
practice drops leading up to the show
with like stunt professionals we had
people who worked on Marvel and every
show you could ever think of um experts
these things I mean it doesn't look like
it but these platforms are severely
padded or I mean even if you hit your
head on it you wouldn't feel it and then
what they fall into is four feet of foam
than a crash pad and you're more likely
to drown in foam like literally than you
are to get hurt when you fall you could
fall on this crash pad and be fine and
then on top of the crash pad is like
this much foam like from here to the
ground I mean it's crazy so we even
dropped my mom in it uh which is really
funny and um we dropped what in this in
this episode we dropped over 500 people
knowing got
[Music]
hurt there they
go I think we mixed it up for this final
row hey whoever's in the back just start
hitting random
buttons all right oh this is
[Applause]
terrifying oh my God all right that was
diabolical there's just one left any any
last words I am not weak that's why I
got
number this one that was funny but this
was also a little bit of an Easter egg
because you can kind of see the foam in
there I think this is the only shot
where we show that which actually people
might not think this is real uh and so I
think this will help persuade some
people because you can literally see the
foam block she fell into and so it
doesn't look like a Dark Void yeah I
remember when I was uh interviewing
Casey neat and he was talking about
certain filmmakers leave the wires in to
show you how they make certain shots but
only at the end and it's kind of like
your Easter egg and you can even see the
stairs up too and just it like breaks a
little bit of immersion yeah all right
and with that this challenge is
officially over they should have got
someone
else I'm excited for another challenge
but also nervous so it's going to be
tough it's going to be stressful but
it's going to be over soon and we're
going to make it to the city baby got to
keep reminding them of the city we spent
$15 million in the city that's the hook
the thing I have them you know keep
talking about I mean they could talk
about whatever but the shots we pick to
put in were about that because that's
also the thing we show at the end of the
episode so it's like a a good thing to
build up so it pays off let's go the
city she's talking about is no joke this
massive building you're seeing here is
only the
beginning welcome to Beast
City such a good shot at the end of this
episode contestants who progress will
move in into their very own City on top
of that later this season they'll be
fighting for their spot on helicopters
to a multi-million doll Private Island
which one of them will be winning
they'll also be firing cannons on real
pirate ships there's monster trucks
they'll run for their lives from real
Navy Seals love this and they will have
to decide if a train eliminates their
closest friends and of course they will
have opportun ities to win a millions of
dollars on top of the grand
prize however not all of them are
confident I guess the sad reality is not
everybody can win I think the odds are
stacked against me I've seen my
competition the reality of it is that
people are going to have to go and I
understand that at any moment it can be
me the fact that it hasn't been me
really has a lot to do with luck I love
yeah this part right here I love I think
it
really saying goodbye to some really
good people so what's going on here the
guards just put down the X's yeah guards
put down x's and then like this is
something I never do in my YouTube
videos but watch how uh where are we at
we're about 13 minutes in this show is
very tense and very fast uh in episode
one at the start and so like a big thing
for me is like we need to slow this John
down and give people a chance to breathe
and I think like if you there's a lot of
cuts in this but if you watch the show
you know just how it's made this part is
really good because it allows you to
like
just slows down nothing's really
happening tells you how many people are
left are you guys ready for the next
challenge it's crazy they were so
nervous all right I'm gathering these
games might be a little stressful for
you so for this next game Let's
introduce something a little more
familiar you'll notice attached to each
of your towers are some colored boxes
inside these boxes are blocks your goal
is to stack all of your blocks on top of
the red starting block within 10 minutes
I don't care how you do it as every
block is stacked before the timer hits
zero at the end of the 10-minute timer
if any of your blocks are not stacked on
top of that red block or your Tower
Falls over you'll be eliminated okay my
question here is Jimmy did you use your
YouTube channel to test out what games
you're going to do here H um no actually
we uh you're reference our twins video
twins video or the 50 YouTubers
challenge like I notic there's a lot of
like mini games that could be done by
one person most of the times they're
that squid game like Cracker like you
used that one quite a bit how did you
think about coming up with this game
well so the the twins video was actually
filmed after episode one but yeah coming
up with this
one you know what's interesting if you
look right here you'll see um uh blue
because there's blue blocks green
because there's green blocks uh Pink but
there's also a red container which had a
dodgeball in it and what we were going
to do is if enough Towers didn't fall
over we were going to allow them all to
grab their dodgeball and throw it at
someone else's Tower and like they could
block from dodgeballs or they could go
on the offensive to get to the 100 Tower
Mark but um 100 Towers end up falling
over so we didn't have to do that so
even we even had a mechanism ready that
we never even got to show that would
have made the game so much cooler
because imagine everyone just flinging
dodgeballs around oh wow so you had like
a plan B to make sure that you know
there was enough people getting
eliminated before we gete yeah but we
didn't have to whip that one out or your
Tower Falls over you'll be eliminated I
will only be eliminating the first 100
towers that fall over I'm shaking I got
to you shaking bro you are free to begin
once the timer
starts and go we're going until 100 of
you are
eliminated here go slow so far in these
games this exact room was definitely
loud
but somehow even with over 700 players
remaining in this moment it was nearly
dead
silent feel it so
good and this emotion comes in right
here you start to hear her crying a
little
bit oh my God oh my God it's okay it's
okay A this music is so good
I we're numb to this maybe because
you've watched this a few times I've
watched a few times but like I mean let
me just rewind this I
mean look at this shot man this is a
beauty of the sky cam we set up the 4
cable wirs I was telling you guys about
earlier cuz like look at the just
beautiful I don't even like I can't even
articulate how crazy this is I mean you
clearly see all these rows of humans
building and it's so smooth as it's just
whipping across the rows I love it so
good I also um couldn't fly drones like
around these people when we were doing
it just for safety reasons or whatever
um like directly over top of them in the
middle of the game so it also allowed us
to just get shots we would have been
able to
get okay so I want to fast forward a bit
to the end of this section cuz something
really cool happens here put it more
towards the right side this side Center
it out yeah this right there and hold it
first yeah attention contestants do not
move I repeat do not move if less than
100 Towers have fallen we will continue
until 100 towers do fall and so while
we're counting how many Towers have fall
Fallen if I were you I would stand very
very
still my heart is racing at this point
yeah this might be one of my favorite
shots we've ever gotten like cuz you got
to keep in context this is not a
scripted show this is unscripted this is
In the Heat of battle during a challenge
you know she's trying not to have her
Tower fall over let me just rewind it
like this shot like I mean Bravo to
whoever filmed it like it starts on her
face you see it and then just a slow pan
down you see all her Towers just
standing on what you're about to see
like this little red block with this
emotional like tense building music like
such a good shot man I love it and to
get that in the action CU you also got
to think about this camera person like
everyone has Towers everywhere that
they're trying not to fall over so he's
got to be very stealthy or she's got to
be very stealthy and it's like that was
not an easy shot to get and like it just
turned out so good other towers that
fell over before mine I'm scared to move
this shot too again I don't know like if
we obviously had a lot of cameras but we
didn't have enough to have them punched
in on everyone's face at all the time so
they they had to be selective with what
they did I don't know again if this
person had like a magic eightball that
just can predict the future but like
watch I'm going to rewind little it like
watch how crazy this shot is on this
redhair guy and the fact that they got
it all punched
in watch this watch this so it's on her
here's a little behind the scenes
there's
controls zoom on him to get reac how did
they do that in real time I mean like
I'm going to rewind it and just watch
that one more time like when I was
watching these shots and post I didn't I
was like wow we have some killer people
it's insane stamped every to reaction
the
punch man like this isn't scripted we
like we didn't tell like we can't tell
her oh react and then punch out and then
all right now your turn q and like they
got that in the moment so beautiful such
a good shot
oh I love this part yeah let me show
this control room is insane by the way
this I think we one of our Guinness
World Records I believe was for this
control room how many records did this
episode break I don't know this episode
but we broke dozens of Records filming
the show like I mean if a show Breaking
over 40 World Records doesn't get you
interested I I don't know what will this
is our control room with all the guards
and they're not going to stop until
they've timestamped every Tower Fallen
using our world record holding
1,17 camera system to find out which 100
Towers fell first and who is going home
I think you're toally so well done
you're definitely like
good don't say it to me and that
emotion you feel
it and this also sets up the level of
granularity that you're going to be
judging all the challenges with exactly
yeah I thought My worry is if we didn't
show this behind the scenes and break
the fourth wall people would like it
just wouldn't feel as real and so I was
like screw it let's just show the
control room let's show exactly how we
are deciding who got out who's not out
transparency so then people have more
trust in like the Integrity of the games
yeah I love the music here I'm going to
turn it up I don't give a all right
everybody and I have your attention we
needed 100 eliminations to move on from
this challenge after reviewing footage
from over a thousand cameras in this
room I have a verdict oh my gosh so good
I also don't normally talk like that
like normally I would just stand up
there and go all right guys I've got the
results but you know because I knew
these would be longer things listen to
how I said it this is intentional
like what I'll remind a little more
this uh this whole walk up right here
you see me looking at the phone I was
like jotting down like like how do I
want to say this cuz like this is a big
moment obviously we just did this huge
challenge obviously I know it's going to
make the cut when I like reveal the
results so I was like I want to build
suspense I have Liberty I don't have to
get up there and just go okay guys
here's the results like a YouTube video
so everybody can I have your attention
we needed 100 eliminations to move on
from this Challenge and and like see I'm
like pausing after reviewing footage
from over a thousand cameras in this
room I have a verdict I don't think I've
ever spoken that slow in my entire life
outside of this moment and so I was like
that was very very intentional because
like this is how I normally say it I
have a verdict but I was like I have a
verdict really leaning into it which is
nice when we're doing these longer shows
like I can be a little more suspenseful
and play with how I talk I I really
liked it you know was also really cool
Jimmy I spent a lot of time with Mac
while we were on set and seeing him
write because he's also editing right
yeah can you talk about that process
because he would give you a lot of not
oh yeah so uh Mac who you seen these
videos he's uh very involved in the
editing process too so when I'm like I
don't know how to introduce this
challenge I just look at Mac because
he's going to be the one who puts it
together I'm like Mack just tell me what
to say like don't make me guess and a
lot of times Mac will just be like or
I'll say something and Ma goes I'm just
not going to put that in I'll be like
okay how do I say it and so competing
for are one
th000 contestants and competing for it
are
1,000 contestants okay and competing for
this $5 million are these 1,000
contestants come on in yeah cuz they've
seen it so many times and they don't
know what to cut so they're just saving
you by giving you what to say over you
might still be in there's so much
tension I even me my legs are shaking on
the count of three I'm going to reveal
the eliminated players are you ready to
see who's good and the music is slowly
Rising
one
go
[Applause]
oh we get to see redhead guy
again you're good you're good you're
good this guy with that stancy coming up
people love that shot everyone like I
was telling you before like I know
whenever people make reactions everyone
always has like a like a physical face
reaction to this shot right here very
very good shot so actually I told him to
try to find more we couldn't find any
more like really animated cool stuff
like this cuz like I swear 99 out of 100
people when they watch this shot laugh
or make some expression with their face
so they really oh it's freaking
hilarious exact like out of nowhere he
doing The Jig or something what's it's
awesome move on to compete for this m
[Music]
if it's red we're going to have to drop
you man this drop creates such a great
Dynamic I'm like waiting for that moment
in my there's a lot of people who
thought they were out who are still in
back to
her and it looks like some people who
are out and didn't realize they
were that's I told you we made it to the
next
round let's get after it this guy's been
in one of your past videos right he has
yes so um there's a couple people that
we brought back just for fun that have
been previous videos everything we do
like was ran by legal compliance we had
standards and practices so they actually
told me it was kind of awkward before we
started the episode I had to stand on
top of the money and go just so everyone
knows there are contestants here who
have been in previous videos and because
like legally I have to like disclose
information and so I had to disclose
that and I was just like why do I have
to say this I'll say it I just I was
like curious why and so I had to stand
up there and go did I do it
legal so yeah but yes Jeremy was in one
of my previous videos is there anything
else that compliance team had you say
like I spoke with them as well like
before you got started or anything else
behind the scenes that folks may not
know as they watch the show yeah
fairness was incredibly important here
when I would announce these challenges
and describe them every single thing had
to be ran through the standards and
practice team to make sure that I was
describing things correctly where
everyone understood it um it was it was
pretty intense right because we we had a
multiple person team that that was their
job while we were filming the show was
to make sure it was fair and everyone
had an equal opportunity and that the
rules were laid out I would come up
there I'd say my lines and then before
we would start um the standards and
practice would come out and explain the
rules and answer any questions anyone
had on any platform make sure they truly
understand you stack the towers your
Tower Falls you're out blah blah blah
good then I would go back on top of the
money and start the game that's kind of
the just see the different Towers to
build oh I dropped this clock it's fine
cuz the 10minute timer has ended but if
I'm weird and this oh I'm eliminated
any we really went above and beyond to
make sure everyone knew exactly what the
games were and that they were Fair um
like down to the point where when I was
announcing games I had to literally read
from a script like or I'd have to
memorize the script and go say it um to
ensure fairness I'm just crying a little
bit I'm in no it's gone though so
that's that's harder that's harder but
I'm in will you join me and saluting the
people who are about to be dropped
everyone
salute this line from Carl don't worry
the first few minutes of the Fall are
scary but after that I hope this one
that shot right there I have a
prediction bold prediction this will
become a meme that's my
prediction I don't know why it just I I
my my Spidey are saying this will be a
meme it's a good reaction I see that
yeah yeah drop
[Applause]
them oh into the be too and then watch
slows down tou the players remaining no
noise no nothing after this next
challeng and we keep that as a constant
throughout the series so every time we
do something where people get eliminated
at the end we update you black screen
just the number and it just feels right
if you tried to break it down you'd be
like that that's not entertaining it's
just a black screen with you know the
number of players remaining but it's
just like due to how intense I we made
this show and the editing how quick it
is it's always a breath of fresh air I
love whenever that pops up cuz it's
like let's keep going yeah it feels
earned yeah I love it I love it so much
we'll officially move into our
city let's get to the city all right all
of you have made it very far let's get
it baby it would be a shame to go out
here the only problem is the city has
500 beds and there's over 600 of you no
we need to get rid of over 100 people so
we're going to play a little game for
this game you will again be competing in
a team but this time it's the road to
your left and right which means they
will vary in number what do you think
I'm going to be having you guys do BR
it's going to be a a bride that is
correct they read me like a book this
game is the final hurdle between you how
many contestants studied you and your
past games I remember talking to them
and there was quite a few of them who
had watched our interview together like
our breakdowns like did you talk to
contestants who were trying to get in
your head in terms of understanding what
the challenges were before they happen
almost every single person here watched
our interviews it's crazy cuz like
people would literally be quoting things
like I said to you in an interview as
I'm like walking down this aisle and I'm
like why do you know that and they're
just like well I literally studied
everything you've ever said to see if I
could like get any hints on the show and
I'd be like did you and they'd be like
no like cool yeah they had a lot of
theories you am moving on in this
competition I will be offering bribes
and whichever person accepts it will
eliminate themselves and their
Row the bribes will keep going up and we
will keep eliminating Rose until we have
500 people listen to the music
here I like this song they did a really
good job when picking the
music yo it's this
way that's great chocker he ends up
screwing his row over but so I made sure
or the team obviously this isn't just me
the team and I made sure to really show
him multiple times so when he does screw
them over you feel it it's crazy what
like watch my name's Lor oh he'll come
up more we got this we got this we got
this I swear on everything I will not
take a BRI
400 no we're not doing it nothing
shocker he does do it nothing nothing we
are not let's
go we got a good team right here we
definitely going to the city baby we
ain't doing this he's trustworthy right
let's go you can trust him you can
barely communicate with him how can you
trust him you can't you say you can't
bro I haven't said anything to it it's
kind of hard to is there a
number dude okay when he looked to the
camera can we talk about this yeah
doesn't he realize this is going to make
the final cut uh and that he's going to
look like a like like what evil yeah
like I mean but it's a game like even
the people he got out I mean like to
play Devil's avocate had a one in very
low chance of winning the $5 million you
know what I mean and there's no
guarantee the other people in the world
wouldn't hit it so that's the thing is
like there if if you want to rationalize
why you could hit it and you still be a
good guy you can but you can also spin
it the other way because there's there's
a lot of variables here in play you
could he could say Oh I thought they
were going to hit it and press it you
know what I mean now he's probably
Justified right he was just oh was not
about the decision to press it I just
thought it was interesting that he
looked to the camera and other people
could see it's it's almost like a
cartoon character mode he's like like
there's people around him you know yeah
that is true they could have seen that
and be like okay that is crazy that he
did that I see what you're saying he's
like a devil on the shoulder
bro would you send Nolan Carl Tariq like
into kind of like stir up some of the
motion I mean I don't need a cinamon
that's this is like literally it
actually is literally their jobs you
know to just go get good content I mean
Nolan's funny because he knew he knows
what I'm looking for here but noan was
clearly trying to find the people who
like were probably going to press it so
he could get a shot with them and cuz
the problem is the people who were going
topress it are going to be the least
likely to talk about it because they're
trying to hide it so I really wanted
them to go find the people who were
looked like they were nervous or wanted
to and just like secretly talk to them
so we could like pull out of them why
are they going to do it or what are they
thinking you know yeah no I found some
good
ones are you ready for the first
bribe I love the song the music when the
briefcase comes
out so good can we talk about how did
you come up with idea these guards The
Masks the Wardrobe this I actually tried
on so many different suit I was going to
say this looks much better than the suit
you wore in the video we broke down
before like it does not look like it's
from Party City we were spinning way too
much wait wait wait wait this suit also
is it like it's kind of crinkly look
looks like it's from Party City like
yeah oh who whoa whoa I I mean I don't
know if it's Party City we didn't have
to take it that far yeah I know it's
funny everyone I showed this to is
always like wow that suit looks really
good and I'm like thank you and they're
like why don't you just not dress like a
hobo all the time like oh you could have
just stopped with the suit looked really
good I tried on so many different ones
and like I these are these pants I mean
you saw them when I was there these are
not like real souit pants they're kind
of like jogger pants cuz I knew I'd be
filming 15 hours a day like this whole
thing I'm wearing here a lot of it was
based around Comfort because I knew I
would be filming in it 15 hours a day
every day for over a month so it looks
like I have a hood on but it's just
basically like a a really thin shirt
with a hood like and it's like a short
sleeve shirt shirt um cuz I would be
dying if I had a hoodie on underneath it
these pants are the uh just high quality
joggers so that we C like we got like
pants that looked really good and I
wanted like a reflection on them too
because I don't know why when we were
doing test shooting it looked so much
better like when I was wearing pants
that was like if you look at the guards
pants here they're just more normal I
don't know why that looked really Bland
and it for whatever reason I don't even
know how to explain it it felt like
corporate I don't know it was weird but
when I got when I switched over to these
like a little more reflective ones and
we converted them to joggers it just
felt a little more chill but not like
unprofessional if that makes any sense
and then but before I put the hood on it
um it just it didn't feel right I don't
know it felt like it was missing
something honestly I remember thinking
like dang I have just like a really long
neck like what is going on here but then
we put like this little fake hoodie on
it and it just looked right I don't know
I I'm very happy with how I'm what I'm
wearing and how it turned out what
they're wearing I have no idea someone
else figured that out I thought it
looked cool it looks cool it looks
really cool case here with $10,000 in
it oo yeah I think I'm going to have to
go for that one I had a feeling not many
of you would go for that 10 grand but
the good news is we have a lot of money
bring out the next
briefcase let's go now I have $20,000 up
here no
oh here we go he's thinking about it
heyo Jordan just letting you know you
scaring people bro who me yeah I have no
idea what they're saying but that's a
crazy shot what dollar amount would it
take to screw your row over none n that
that dollar amount right over there I
we're going until people leave they
delusional I think he actually meant
that it's the crazy part we ain't
leaving hey wait what somebody took the
20K oh man
dude dang bro that's crazy I felt so
secure with the line yeah we're
done all right what's the rationale it's
Beast games like we're not here to make
friends 400 we're not doing it nothing
man the flashback that's
crazy awesome I'm here for myself and my
family and I just hey got to respect it
I did it bro that's just not fair I mean
it is but it isn't like it just didn't
do anything
I think that shot perfectly sums up how
the people who lost feel there was eight
players in that row which means there
are now 597 players remaining so now a
few more rows have gotten out and let's
play This Moment anyone that self
eliminates until we is now 100 Grand
remaining man he shots to their
[Applause]
faces woohoo
all right there's 8 of you oh I still
need eight more to go
100,000,000 on the
line this could be the last button press
oh my God there'll be bigger prizes
later I won't even look at this shot is
crazy I it worked out perfectly what is
going watch this
[Applause]
all right 173 hit it let's see if
there's eight people there so one
there's two there's seven people in a
row and we need to eliminate eight more
people which means the game continues no
one knows this yet though that was just
completely
coincidental oh is this wait is this the
guy that we've been showing a lot I
wonder why we're showing him again huh
in the city sure there's no reason close
yeah don't hit it there's Lamborghini a
boat in a city you guys can have I just
want T I don't even know what she's
talking about we're going to the
city city so far in this game Hands In
Pockets people from all over I can't
believe how many s trust we can trust
each other
[Music]
right but sometimes the people who you
think think you can trust the
most are actually oh my God the people
comes you can trust the least watch her
back her reaction when she turns
around so watch this watch this so hold
up we're going frame by frame so the the
contestant right there doesn't know
she's out yet watch watch when she turns
around she she's like wait it's red his
is green look at her face
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm sorry and there we go I
believ
wow that's that is the end it's a good
shot
man we had some really high Lev camera
people on this cuz like I mean
it like the fact that like they started
the focus on him and then while they're
panning shift the focus over to her like
and again this is a high action
environment Lots going on unscripted
like I can't compliment these people
enough
and if your Tower is white you are
officially moving on to episode
[Applause]
two oh my
God energy so good let's go
[Applause]
congratulations we're going to this set
[Music]
baby and the final taker
$100,000 let's go baby and with that we
are now under 500
contestants it's okay I forgive
him she
doesn't we've already given away over $2
million breaking the world record for
the most amount of money given away in
the first episode of a show ever and
this is just episode one how much do you
love dunking on other shows I mean I I'm
not naming any shows specifically but I
I do think it's important to constantly
point out you know how much more
elevated this is you know because you
kind of get numb at least when you watch
my YouTube videos you get numb to just
how crazy what we do is because you're
like oh it's Mr be being Mr be but when
you put it in context that like some
shows literally have 20 episodes or 15
episodes just for $250,000 grand prize
we gave away $2
million in the first episode literally
an official Guinness World Record
um yeah and we give away way more money
in other episodes outside the grand
prize it's crazy and at the end someone
is winning $5 million the largest Grand
PR Grand PR oh I was going to try
to qu what I was going to
say I I went off script there and to the
493 of you still competing say your
goodbyes to your Fallen
comrades it's time for you to move into
your brand new home oh is that vo you
recorded during or afterwards uh that
was afterwards that was afterward yeah
we saw you do some vo takes here cool to
see and to the rest of you say goodbye I
mean I said this stuff live but I mean
yeah I probably just said it afterwards
cleaner five to5 million this shot right
here so good this next one my only
concern with this shot that's about to
come up is I am worried people would
think this is the end of the episode and
there's more afterwards but it was just
so cool I was like whatever I'll leave
it in yeah like right here such a great
shot but then it goes
dark and it's like oh the episode's over
and I am worried like I don't know I've
never done a streaming show this doesn't
come out for a couple more weeks so I
don't even know if there's like a
retention chart like we get on YouTube
but if there is my intuition is saying
there's going to be a dip here and it's
I mean it's too late I already locked
the episode but if I could go back in
time I would I yeah I'd fix this a
little bit some people are going to
interpret this as the episode ended
oh my God this is the most insane thing
you've ever seen in your
life 500 people so many people all right
guards open the gate John followed me
around on set during Beast games from
episode 5 until 10 he's going to have
crazy stuff that's coming out in the
coming weeks when those episodes drop
but for now if you want to see what
actually happens in episode one of Beast
games go to Prime video and also if you
uh have any sort of uh empathy towards
me or care about me or you know I've
ever watched one of my videos and want
to help me in any way whatsoever go
watch Beast games I want to break the
world record for most views in 24 hours
on Amazon Prime video on a show uh I
need your help I can't do it without you
you specifically watching right now I
need you to go watch Beast games please
it's also just a phenomenal show and I
can't wait to see what you guys think
it's mind-blowing Jimmy thank you for
breaking this down and uh for bring man
thank you man